    Hong Kong Undergraduate Financial Planners of the Year Award
                                     Final round topic 2022

According to a recent report released by Z/Yen Partners and the China Development Institute,
Singapore has overtaken Hong Kong to become Asia's top financial centre and ranked third in the
world. The cause for Hong Kong to lose its crown is primarily due to its struggle to keep up with
China's zero-COVID policy while the rest of the world has chosen to live with the virus. Such
divergence in public health policy has led to a serious plight of human capital and businesses,
especially in the financial services sector, thus benefiting its long-time competitor Singapore.

To defend Hong Kong's position as a leading financial centre in the region, Financial Secretary Paul
Chan cited that Hong Kong still enjoys greater depth and breadth of its financial services industry,
including a vibrant stock market, a multifaceted bond and debt market, an active foreign exchange
market, numerous asset and private wealth managers and family offices, as well as a strong linkage
with the mainland. The Global Financial Leaders' Investment Summit ("Investment Summit") held
by the government in November should bring investors' attention to the core competence of Hong
Kong in satisfying the increasingly sophisticated demands from investors.

One of the key building blocks of a financial centre is the ability to attract high-net-worth
individuals ("HNWI") to place their money with financial institutions there. The Financial Services
Development Council published a research report in September 2022 titled "Cementing Hong
Kong's Role as a Premier Private Wealth Management ("PWM") Hub" (see Appendix). In the report,
the government expresses optimism in building Hong Kong as a PWM hub. For instance, Hong Kong
attracted US$87.1 billion of fund inflows in 2021 despite a challenging market environment.

You are required to provide an analysis on the following:

     1. Assuming you were one of the participants in the Investment Summit, how would you
         advise the government in regaining confidence from investors around the world and
         promoting Hong Kong as a PWM hub.

     2. As a university student aiming to pursue a career in the PWM industry, how do you prepare
         yourself to seize opportunities in the industry?

     3. How would fin-tech and other digital solutions play a critical role in servicing HNWI from a
         product development and customer service perspective?

     [Note: Please support your arguments with data, statistics, demographic projections, and
     research materials from reliable sources. Make your own assumptions when
     necessary.]
     c Copyright. Society of Registered Financial Planners
